support @Decorated bean injection in decorator (#43864)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/cdi.adoc

<2> `@Decorator` marks a decorator component.
<3> The set of decorated types includes all bean types which are Java interfaces, except for `java.io.Serializable`.
<4> Each decorator must declare exactly one _delegate injection point_. The decorator applies to beans that are assignable to this delegate injection point.

> <5> It is possible to get contextual info about the decorated bean by using the @Decorated qualifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> It is possible to obtain information about the decorated bean by using the `@Decorated` qualifier.
```
